<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <h:head>

        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="faqitem.css"/>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="commoncontentstyle.css"/>

        <style>

        </style>
    </h:head>

    
    <ui:composition template="/template/singlecolumntemplate_microsite.xhtml">

        

        <ui:define name='main'>
            
            <div class="pagetitle">
                Frequently Ask Question
            </div>
            <div class="middle">
                    <br/>
                    <div class="paratitle">
                    Are minimum grade-point averages, class ranks or test scores required for admission?
                    </div>
                        
                     <div class="para">
                          
                        No. We consider all of these measures, but only within the context of each applicant’s
                        school and situation. In general, our most promising candidates tend to earn high
                        grades and have comparatively high scores on standardized tests. These criteria, while
                        important, do not by themselves provide a complete picture of each student’s academic
                        accomplishment or potential. We evaluate all aspects of a student’s academic
                        preparation. Learn more about our admission requirements.
                     </div>
                    <div class="paratitle">
                    Can students begin studies at Princeton during the spring semester?
                    </div>
                    <div class="para">
                    No. Freshmen are admitted for the fall term only.
                    </div>
                    <div class="paratitle">
                    Is it possible to transfer to Princeton from another college or university?
                    </div>
                    <div class="para">
                        No. Princeton does not offer transfer admission. Any student who has graduated from
                        secondary school and enrolled as a full-time degree candidate at another college or
                        university is considered a transfer applicant and is not eligible for undergraduate
                        admission. Additionally, any student who has completed a post-secondary degree is
                        not eligible for undergraduate admission or a second undergraduate degree from
                        Princeton.
                    </div>
                    <div class="paratitle">
                    Does Princeton consider applicants who have been home schooled?
                    </div>
                    <div class="para">
                    Yes. We receive and consider applications from home schooled students every year. In
                        fact, the valedictorian of the Princeton Class of ’02 was home schooled before entering
                        Princeton. Review our tips for home schooled students.
                    </div>
                    <div class="paratitle">
                    May high school juniors apply?
                    </div>
                    <div class="para">
                    While we will consider applications from students who choose to leave high school early,
                        they must be competitive with students who have completed rigorous, comprehensive
                        course work through senior year. This option tends to be most realistic for students who
                        have exhausted their high school’s academic offerings.
                    </div>
                    <div class="paratitle">
                    May I apply for regular decision to Princeton if I have already been admitted to
                        another college or university under a binding early decision plan?
                    </div>

                    <div class="para">
                    No. When you apply to another college or university under a binding early decision plan,
                        , you have made a commitment to attend that college if admitted. We honor that
                        commitment and do not consider applicants under those circumstances.
                    </div><br/><br/>
                    

                </div>
            
        </ui:define>


    </ui:composition>
</html>





