<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <h:head>

        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="css_moharto_description.css"/>
    <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="commoncontentstyle.css"/>
        <style>

        </style>
    </h:head>

    <!--template inclusion -->

    <ui:composition template="/template/rightcolumntemplate.xhtml">

        <!--include code to appear in main column (center) -->

        <ui:define name='main'>
            <div class="pagetitle">About Us</div>
                    
            <h:outputText value="Moharto" class="heading" />
                    <div class="para" style="text-indent: 4px;">
              is truly an Indian Company based in Bangalore in the technology capital. 
                    The aim is to give a transparent platform for students who wish to study in the colleges of 
                    their own choice. As we have seen students and parents have been suffering and taken for granted 
                    by some middleman who promises to get seat and misuse their trust and finally cheated.
                   
                    
                   
                    </div>
                    <div class="para1" >
                     We bring the
                    new technological support to help student and college to save time and money to meet their needs wherein 
                    a student can directly contact to college authorities and can pay few amount to save money.   
                    A student can take up the admission formalities here and complete the process in the college where 
                    he is admitted.</div>
                 
                               <div class="para1" > 
                  The company operation is now limited to Karnataka and planned to reach pan India level
                    by next year and will expand globally to most of the countries by end of 3 years and is headquartered in Bangalore,India. Moharto is the sole portal in India 
                    who is providing these services.
                        
              </div>
                    
                               <div class="para1"> 
                   It is nearly impossible for a student to search all the colleges in one 
                    website hence this portal make the difference from other and is one of its kind. We provide the information about the scholarships 
                    provided by the government as well as by the colleges and bank loan availability from standard banks.</div>
               
                    <div class="para1" >
                         The student can interact with other student in our social media to exchange the 
                    information and build the confident. There are few venture capitalists that have approached us for funding 
                    and partnering. Mr. C.K. Shahwaz Baba and Mr. Wajahat Ali khan who have spent more than decade to bring the 
                    dream into realty with the help of Germanys No 1 technology provider in education sector.
                    </div>
        </ui:define>


        <!--include code to appear in right column -->

        <ui:define name='rightcolumn'>
            <h:graphicImage value="/resources/images/pages/bbm1.jpg" width="230" height="120" class="image"/>
        </ui:define>


    </ui:composition>
</html>






















