<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">
    <h:head>

        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="commoncontentstyle.css"/>

        <style>

        </style>
    </h:head>


    <ui:composition template="/template/singlecolumntemplate.xhtml">
        <ui:define name='main'>
            <div style="min-height: 600px;">
                <div class="pagetitle">
                    Terms and Conditions
                </div>
                <div class="para">
                    The following terms and conditions, along with all other terms and legal notices located on www.moharo.com (collectively, "Terms"), govern your use of www.moharo.com (the "Website"). If you do not understand and agree to be bound by all Terms, do not use this Website. Your use of this Website at anytime constitutes a binding agreement by you to abide by these Terms.
                </div>   

                <div class="paratitle">
                    Registration
                </div>

                <!--    -->

                <div class="para">
                    On registration you agree to:

                </div>   

                <div style="margin-left: 20px;">
                    <div class="para">
                        a. Make your contact details available to Moharo partners, you may be contacted by Moharo partners for education information through email, telephone and SMS, if you do not wish to be contacted, please modify the privacy settings at the time of registration or in the "Accounts and Settings" section on the Moharo site.
                    </div>
                    <div class="para">
                        b. Receive promotional mails/special offers from Moharo.com or any of its partner websites
                    </div>
                    <div class="para">
                        c. Be contacted by Moharto in accordance with the privacy settings set by you.
                    </div>
                </div>


                <!--    -->



                <div class="paratitle">
                    Restrictions Regarding Materials
                </div>

                <div class="para">
                    <div style="margin-left: 20px;">

                        a. All information, documents, software, images, photographs, text,
                        services and other similar materials (collectively, "Materials") 
                        contained in this Website are provided by 'Moharto' or its third party manufacturers, authors, 
                        developers and vendors ("Third Party Providers") and are the copyrighted work of 'Moharto' 
                        and/or the Third Party Providers. Except as stated herein, none of the Materials may be copied, reproduced,
                        distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including,
                        but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, 
                        or otherwise, without the prior express written permission of 'Moharto' or the Third Party Provider. No part of the Website, including logos, graphics,
                        sounds or images, may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means, 
                        without the prior express written permission of 'Moharto'. You also may not,
                        without Moharto's prior express written permission, "mirror" any Materials contained on this Website on any other server.
                        <br/>
                        b. Nothing on this Website shall be construed as conferring any license under any of Moharto's or any Third Party Provider's intellectual property rights, whether by estoppels, implication, or otherwise. You acknowledge sole responsibility for obtaining any such licenses.
                        <br/>
                        c. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download Moharto's Materials on this Website provided that: (1) both the copyright notice identified below and this permission notice appear in the Materials, (2) the use of such Materials is solely for personal, 
                        non commercial and informational use and will not be copied or posted on any networked computer or broadcast in any media, 
                        and (3) no modifications of any of the Materials are made.
                        This permission terminates automatically without notice if you breach any of these terms or conditions.
                        Upon termination, you will immediately destroy any downloaded or printed Materials. 
                        Any unauthorized use of any Materials contained on this Website may violate copyright laws,
                        trademark laws, and other related laws and may have various legal consequences.
                        <br/>
                        d.  Materials provided by Third Party Providers have not been independently authenticated in whole or in part by 'Moharto'. www.moharo.com does not provide, sell, license, or lease any of the Materials other than those specifically identified as being provided by 'Moharto'. 'Moharto' is committed to respecting others' intellectual property rights, and we ask our users to do the same. 
                        'Moharto' (hereinafter referred to as "We") may, in its sole discretion, 
                        terminate the access rights of users who infringe or otherwise violate others' intellectual property rights.
                    </div>   
                </div>

                <!--    -->

                <div class="paratitle">
                    Disclaimer for websites that we link to
                </div>  
                <div class="para">
                    We use our best endeavours to ensure that the websites we select for inclusion in www.moharo.com work, and continue to work properly; that their content remains acceptable and useful; and that their operation will not be injurious to our users' PCs.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    We explicitly disclaim, and will not accept any responsibility for any of the following in respect of the sites that we link to:
                </div>

                <div style="margin-left: 20px;">
                    <li>
                        Infection by computer viruses
                    </li>

                    <li>
                        Damage caused by downloaded software
                    </li>

                    <li>
                        Technical problems, failures and speed of operation
                    </li>

                    <li>
                        Libelous or illegal material
                    </li>

                    <li>
                        The quality or truth of any material, or advice that is offered
                    </li>   
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY:
                </div> 
                <div class="para">
                    'Moharto' expressly disclaims warranties of any kind for any use of or any access to www.moharo.com, 
                    to any material, information, links, or content presented on the web pages at www.moharo.com,
                    to any external website linked thereto, and to any external material, information, links, or content linked thereto. 
                    Moharo.com, and any material, information, links, and content presented on the web pages at www.moharo.com,
                    as well as any external website and any external material, information, links, and content linked thereto, 
                    are provided on an "as is" basis, without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation,
                    the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. 'Moharto' has no control over any external website or over any external material, information, links, and content linked to www.moharo.com. 
                    Certain jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion of implied warranties and the foregoing exclusions of implied warranties may not apply to you. Moharo.com and its internal web pages may be unavailable for online access from time to time and at anytime; there are no guarantees and no warranties of online availability, impressions, and click-throughs. The entire risk as to the performance of, or non-performance of, or arising out of the use of, or the access of, or the lack of access to www.moharo.com, to any material, information, links, or content presented on the web pages at www.moharo.com, to any external website linked thereto, or to any external material, 
                    information, links, or content linked thereto, is borne by the user, visitor, customer, or other person. 
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    DISCLAIMER OF ONLINE AVAILABILITY, IMPRESSIONS, AND CLICK-THROUGHS:
                </div> 
                <div class="para">
                    In addition to the other disclaimers and limitations discussed in this notice, there are no guarantees and no warranties regarding online availability, impressions, and click-through of www.moharo.com, its web pages, and any material, information, links, or content presented on the web pages at www.moharo.com. Moharo.com, its web pages, and any material, information, links, or content presented on the web pages at www.moharo.com, may be unavailable for online access at anytime. Advertising sponsors and advertising must be approved by 'Moharto' before the posting of any advertising material, information, links, content, banners, and graphics on www.moharo.com. Any advertising should be related to interactive digital television and related subject areas. 'Moharto' reserves the right to accept or to reject any advertising sponsor or any advertising for any reason.
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
                </div> 
                <div class="para">
                    In no event and under no circumstances and under no legal theory, tort, contract, or otherwise shall 'Moharto' be liable, without limitation, for any damages whatsoever, including direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages, arising out of any access to or any use of or any inability to access or use this website including any material, information, links, and content accessed through this website or through any linked external website.
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    Local Laws
                </div> 
                <div class="para">
                    'Moharto' controls and operates this Website from its headquarters in Noida and makes no representation that the materials on the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this Website from other locations, you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws including but not limited to the export and import regulations of other countries. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all marketing or promotional materials found on this Website are solely directed to individuals, companies or other entities located in India and comply with the laws prevailing for the time being in force in India. Disputes if any shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of Courts at Bangalore.
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    General
                </div> 
                <div class="para">
                    a.This Website could include unintended inaccuracies or typographical errors. Moharto and the Third Party Providers may make improvements and/or changes in the products, services, programs, and prices described in this Website at any time without notice. Changes are periodically made to the Website.    
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    The material, information, links, and content presented on and by this website is of a general nature only and is not intended to address the specific circumstances, requirements, or any other needs of any particular individual or entity. It cannot be guaranteed that the material, information, links, and content presented on and by this website is comprehensive, complete, accurate, sufficient, timely, or up to date for any particular purpose or use. The material, information, links, and content presented on and by this website should not be considered as professional, legal, business, financial, investment, or purchasing advice (if you need specific advice, you should always consult a suitably qualified professional). This website is sometimes linked to external websites over which 'Moharto' has no control and assume no responsibility, and are in no way acting as a publisher of material, information, links, and content contained on external linked websites. Links may become invalid, may expire, or may become misdirected at any time. Links are provided as a convenience and do not necessarily constitute, signify, or otherwise imply an endorsement by, or an endorsement for, or a relationship with, or connection to 'Moharto'. The statements expressed on external linked websites are not those of 'Moharto'; and users are advised that 'Moharto' does not maintain editorial control over external linked websites or determine the appropriateness regarding the material, information, links, and content contained on external linked websites. 'Moharto' has no control over any external website or over any external material, information, links, and content linked to www.moharo.com.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    b.Moharo.com will have people from all over India using this Website. So in order to ensure consistency in the interpretation and enforcement of these Terms, the Website, and your use of the Website will be governed in all respects by the laws of India.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    c.These Terms represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the Website and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting, additional, or other communications. 'Moharto' can modify these Terms at any time without notice or consent by updating this posting.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    d.In the event any or a portion of the provisions of these Terms are held invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable by a Court, such provision shall be deemed amended to be valid, legal and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, and the remaining provisions of these Terms shall remain in full force and effect. These Terms are binding upon you and your heirs, representatives, successors and assigns. The headings of the several articles and subdivisions of these Terms are inserted solely for the convenience of reference and shall have no further meaning, force or effect. No third party shall be a beneficiary of any provision of these Terms, except with the express written consent of 'Moharto'.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="paratitle">
                    Mobile Services
                </div> 
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    a.The subscriber availing this service shall be deemed to have consented to be bound by all the applicable terms and conditions of this service.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    b.Decision of Moharto regarding all transactions under this service shall be final and binding and no correspondence shall be entertained in this regard.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    c.Moharto reserves the right to extend, cancel, discontinue, prematurely withdraw, change, alter or modify this service or any part thereof including charges, at its sole discretion at anytime as may be required in view of business exigencies and/or regulatory or statutory changes.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    d.Your mobile phone number (MSISDN) will be used during the transmission of text messages through the mobile service provider's server for SMS Service.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    e.The subscriber understands that he/she can avail SMS Services at his/her discretion and the said service shall be availed in such options as are made available by Moharto from time to time.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    f.This service is subject to guidelines/directions issued by Telecom Regulatory Authority of India or any other statutory authority as applicable from time to time.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    g.The SMS or its contents once sent for availing the SMS services shall be treated as final and the same cannot be withdrawn, changed or retrieved subsequently under any circumstances.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    h.WAP Services enable you to access our Services and to submit and/or receive Content through your wireless Device. Your access to our WAP Services may be dependent on the wireless Device you use to access the applicable WAP services.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    i.Subscription Services provide you with access to certain Content for a selected period of time, which will be as indicated and chosen by you prior to purchase. The frequency with which you will receive the relevant Content will be notified to you at the time you subscribe for the service.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    j.You will not post or transmit any content that is abusive, obscene, racial, sexually oriented or against national interest. Moharto reserves the right to suspend your account if any prohibitive or objectionable content is found and may further initiate appropriate legal proceedings against you.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    k.The Service is an additional service offered by Moharto . The functions of the Service are dependent on the Operator owning the network to facilitate this service (Operator), for which Moharto does not undertake any responsibility for failure of this network transmission or failure of message transmission for any reasons whatsoever. From time to time, Moharto may include additional features and services.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    l.Moharto reserves the right to modify/delete the account contents at its own discretion without prior notice if the contents of profile are deemed unfit for broadcast.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    m.The subscriber must maintain such minimum balance in his/her prepaid account as is specified by Moharto for availing the particular option offered under these services. All incidental costs/taxes/levies, if any, related to the VAS shall be entirely borne by the customer.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    n.The users specifically note and agree that the content and service or part thereof may be varied, added, withdrawn, withheld or suspended by Moharto at its sole discretion without prior notice to the users.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    o.Moharto shall not be liable for any costs, loss or damage (whether direct or indirect), or for loss of revenue, loss of profits or any consequential loss whatsoever as a result of the user using the Service.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    p.No reversal of deducted charges shall be allowed under any circumstances.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    q.The users shall remain solely responsible for all content, information, data originated from the users and transmitted via the Service (content), and the users shall accordingly indemnify Moharto and / or the Operator, against all third party claims relating to the users content or due to the users act, negligence or omission
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    r.You are bound by the terms and conditions as mentioned herein and as stated on the site.
                </div>
                <br/>

                <div class="para">
                    s.Message delivery is conditional to Mobile operator's technical infrastructure and its network uptime.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    t.By using various SMS based services from Moharto you agree to receive phone calls, messages etc. from Moharto and/or its associates tailored to provide with better education related opportunities.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    u.Subscribing or using various paid/free services of Moharto on SMS/Voice/WAP either directly or indirectly doesn't in any manner guarantee the user an admissions.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    v.Subscribing or using various paid/free services of Moharto on SMS/Voice/WAP either directly or indirectly doesn't in any manner guarantee the user an admissions.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    w.By agreeing to register at Moharto Mobile alerts, a user allows Moharto to get in touch with him/her from time to time on events or offers regarding careers, admissions, jobs and ancillary services on mobile. This can include exciting offers, information, as well as promotions.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    x.The subscriber shall be required to comply with all directions/instructions etc. issued by the Company relating to the network, the services and any/all matters connected therewith and provide the Company all other and further information and co-operation as the Company may require from time to time.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">
                    y.This service is live in India only.
                </div>


                <div class="paratitle">
                    LICENSE DISCLAIMER
                </div> 


                <div class="para">
                    Nothing on any 'Moharto' website shall be construed as conferring any license under any of Moharto's or any third party's intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise.
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    CONTENT AND LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
                </div> 
                <div class="para">
                    Moharo.com is an intermediary as defined under sub-clause (w) of Section 2 of the Information Technology Act, 2000.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">  
                    'Moharto' shall not be responsible for any errors or omissions contained on any 'Moharto' website, and reserves the right to make changes anytime without notice. Mention of non-Moharto products or services is provided for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation by 'Moharto'. All 'Moharto' and third-party information provided on any 'Moharto' website is provided on an "as is" basis.
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">  
                    Views expressed by the users are their own, Moharto does not endorse the same. No claim as to the accuracy and correctness of the information on the site is made although every attempt is made to ensure that the content is not misleading. In case any inaccuracy is or otherwise improper content is sighted on the website, please report it to report abuse
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">  
                    'MOHARTO' DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO ANY INFORMATION (INCLUDING ANY SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, OR SERVICES) PROVIDED ON ANY 'MOHARTO' WEBSITE, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    Purchasing and Ordering Disclaimer
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="paratitle">
                    MAKE YOUR OWN DECISIONS:
                </div>
                <div class="para">  
                    If you are making important purchasing or planning decisions, whether personal or business decisions, you should look at an actual demonstration model of any product you are considering before making your important purchasing or planning decisions. (Contact a supplier, store, or manufacturer regarding looking at any demonstration units.) All decisions made would be entirely your prerogative and 'Moharto' does not claim to offer any advice, either legal or financial.
                </div>     
                <div class="paratitle">
                    READ THESE TERMS. 
                </div>
                <div class="para">  
                    IN PURCHASING A PRODUCT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND AND AGREE WITH THESE TERMS THEN DO NOT PLACE AN ORDER FOR A PRODUCT.
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    PRICING.
                </div>
                <div class="para">  
                    ALL PRICES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. EVERY EFFORT HAS BEEN MADE TO ENSURE ACCURATE PRICING OF THE PRODUCTS FEATURED ON OUR WEBSITE. IN THE EVENT A PART OR ACCESSORY IS ORDERED AND THE LISTED PRICE HAS CHANGED, YOU WILL BE NOTIFIED PRIOR TO OUR PROCESSING YOUR ORDER.
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    PURCHASE "AS IS."
                </div>
                <div class="para">  
                    YOU AGREE THAT ALL PRODUCTS PURCHASED BY YOU THROUGH THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED UNDER WARRANTIES, IF ANY, OF THE MANUFACTURER ONLY, AND NOT BY 'MOHARTO'. ALL PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED BY 'MOHARTO' ON "AS IS" BASIS WITH NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND FROM 'MOHARTO'.
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    YOUR RESPONSIBILITY; DAMAGE LIMITS.
                </div>
                <div class="para">  
                    YOU HAVE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY FOR USE OF THE PRODUCTS/SERVICES YOU PURCHASE THROUGH THIS WEBSITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL MOHARTO.COM BE LIABLE TO YOU IN RELATION TO THE PRODUCTS/SERVICES, OR YOUR USE, MISUSE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCTS, FOR ANY (1) INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGE (INCLUDING LOSS OF BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS, USE, DATA OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE); OR (2) DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNT YOU PAID MOHARTO.COM FOR THE APPLICABLE PRODUCT.
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    YOUR REPRESENTATIONS
                </div>
                <div class="para">  
                    You represent that you are not a minor and that you are not under any legal or other disability which limits your ability to comply with these Terms or to install and use the products you purchase with minimal risk of harm to you or others. You further represent that you are not purchasing the products/services for resale to others and will not do so without Moharto's prior written consent.
                </div>

                <div class="paratitle">
                    Use of Website
                </div>
                <br/>
                <div class="para">  
                    You represent, warrant and covenant that your use of the Website shall not:
                </div>   
                <div style="margin-left: 20px;">
                    <div class="para">
                        a.violate any applicable local, provincial, state, national or international law, statute, ordinance, rule or regulation;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        b.interfere with or disrupt computer networks connected to the Website;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        c.impersonate any other person or entity, or make any misrepresentation as to your employment by or affiliation with any other person or entity;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        d.forge headers or in any manner manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any user information;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        e.host, modify, upload, post, transmit, publish, or distribute any material or information for which you do not have all necessary rights and licenses;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        f.host, modify, upload, post, transmit, publish or distribute any material which infringes, violates, breaches or otherwise contravenes the rights of any third party, including any copyright, trademark, patent, rights of privacy or publicity or any other proprietary right;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        g.host, modify, upload, post, transmit, publish, or distribute any material or information which contains a computer virus, or other code, files or programs intending in any manner to disrupt or interfere with the functioning of the Website, or that of other computer systems;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        h.host, modify, upload, post, transmit, publish, or distribute any material or information that is grossly harmful, harassing, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, disparaging, relating to money laundering or unlawful, or which may potentially be perceived as being harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous/blasphemous, vulgar, obscene, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        i.host, modify, upload, post, transmit, publish or distribute any material or information which constitutes or encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offence, give rise to other liability, or otherwise violate applicable law;
                    </div>
                    <br/>
                    <div class="para">
                        j.host, modify, upload, post, transmit, publish or distribute any information that deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;                        j.

                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        k.host, modify, upload, post, transmit, publish or distribute any material or information that belongs to another person and to which the user does not have any right to;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        l.host, modify, upload, post, transmit, publish or distribute any material or information that harm minors in any way;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        m.host, modify, upload, post, transmit, publish or distribute any material or information that threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation.
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        n.interfere with or disrupt the use of the Website by any other user, nor "stalk", threaten, or in any manner harass another user;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        o.use the Website in such a manner as to gain unauthorized entry or access to the computer systems of others;
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        p.reproduce, copy, modify, sell, store, distribute or otherwise exploit for any commercial purposes the Website, or any component thereof (including, but not limited to any materials or information accessible through the Website);
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        q.use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website; or
                    </div>
                    <br/>

                    <div class="para">
                        r.take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Website infrastructure.
                    </div>
                    <br/>
                </div>  

                <div class="para">
                    Use of this Website is at your own risk, and the 'Moharto' will not be held liable for any errors or omissions contained in this Website. In no event, shall the 'Moharto' be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits whether contract, negligence or any tort action arising out of, or in connection with, the use or performance of the information available from www.moharo.com.
                </div>

                <div class="para">
                    Moharto may, without notice in its sole discretion, and at any time, terminate or restrict your use or access to Moharo.com (or any part thereof) and/or take down any content uploaded by you for any reason, including, without limitation, that Moharto based on its judgement and perception believes you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms and Conditions.
                </div>

                       <br/>
                <center>Copyright © 2014 Moharto. All rights reserved. </center>
            </div>
            <br/>
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
</html>
